\begin{review}
        {Turney2010VsmOverview}
        {N/A}
        {
            Computers understand very little of the meaning of human language. 
            This profoundly limits our ability to give instructions to computers, the ability of computers to explain their actions to us, and the ability of computers to analyse and process text. 
            Vector space models (VSMs) of semantics are beginning to address these limits. 
            This paper surveys the use of VSMs for semantic processing of text. 
            We organize the literature on VSMs according to the structure of the matrix in a VSM. 
            There are currently three broad classes of VSMs, based on term-document, word-context, and pair-pattern matrices, yielding three classes of applications. 
            We survey a broad range of applications in these three categories and we take a detailed look at a specific open source project in each category. 
            Our goal in this survey is to show the breadth of applications of VSMs for semantics, to provide a new perspective on VSMs for those who are already familiar with the area, and to provide pointers into the literature for those who are less familiar with the field. 
            © 2010 AI Access Foundation and National Research Council Canada.
        }
    This paper tries to give a survey of the use of \emph{Vector Space Models} (VSM) in semantics research.
    Their motivation is that there had been no study of the field as a whole.
    They present a new framework for VSMs, i.e. they try to make the terminology used in the field consistent.
    They also present some recent developments that had not been covered but other surveys of the field (These developments were made by Turney).
    The applications they present are from natural language processing and computational linguistic.
    
    The paper, being a survey, does not present any new results.
    The big contribution is their attempt to consolidate the terminology used in the field.
    These are the \emph{term-document} matrix (for finding similarities between documents), the \emph{word-context} matrix (for finding \emph{attributional similarities} between words) and the \emph{pair-pattern} matrix (for finding \emph{relational similarities} between words).
    Attributionally similar words are those that share many features (like doctor and nurse) and relationally similar words are words whose relations have a lot in common (like carpenter:wood and mason:stone).
    The paper is fairly long and contains a lot examples and goes into detail how the VSMs are constructed, the linguistic and mathematical pre-processing that needs to done and how the different matricies can then be used.
    They are fully aware that the matrix methods are fairly slow, but also present new research (random indexing) that can improve the computational speed.
    
    This paper doesn't have many weaknesses but one I'd like to point out is that it only (as it says on the cover) looks into methods using VSMs.
    There are other methods that can be used and they use a page to briefly present them.
    However, considering the nature of the paper that is not really a problem.
    They also answer the question of word order in VSMs by presenting both possible and actual solution to the problem.
    The main open question they present is if these statistical models are enough to figure out what people mean?
    
    I think this paper is brilliant as an introduction to VSMs.
    It presents seemingly all views of the subject and I'm struggling to find bad things to say about it.
    Perhaps I will find some when I learn more about the subject.
    I really like the idea of VSMs, though considering that I will work on computers that people claim are 'less random' than humans, perhaps there are some simplifications that can be done?
    Also, random indexing seems like the way to go!
\end{review}
